Now this one: what would you
do if, what Would you do yes?
What would you do
if...?
For example, what would you
do if you were lost?
What would you do if
you were lost?
OK, so, what would
you do if, what
Would you do if, say it yourself, excellent,
Again, what would you do if, pretty good,
Now, what would you do if, excellent, It's
the same thing, just a little bit more
stuck, more natural, what would you do if It
means what would you do if? , you can
Answer I'd and what you would do, I'd
Remember that it is the contraction of I
Would, so, I'd cry, I'd cry, or I'd
run, ok, I'll give you some examples, what would
Do you do if you were to die
tomorrow? , Pause the video so that you can
Repeat much easier, ok, what would you do What if
you were to die tomorrow? or if you died tomorrow?
, what would you do if you were
alone in the desert? , pretty good, excellent, so
Remember to pause the video and practice
Are you, ready? , practice what would you
do if, what would you
do if, that's very important,